Your Majesty, will you find out where this degree comes from?
This degree has only appeared in Donghong recently.
For the first time, it was said that the apartment was mailed to the king with a few poisonous colors.
Your Majesty, he has already received news from Yue, and has confirmed that the Emperor
There is space in the East Palace.
After dissipating the heat, it is time to enter the Shijielan River.
He planned to pick me up himself in the morning
Ask the emperor to pick you up here. Three days.
Today Wuji listens to seek justice for himself
I'll take a private look at your life.
Father of Three Rings
Your Majesty, please come to court
Don't care about replying.
Today is the day for Hokuriku City to leave the house
How could you miss such a big event?
What a peaceful battle in the East China Sea
You are a greedy person if you come here
Is your Eastern Continent uncontested?
Let a disabled Daping fight with his younger siblings
You are too ignorant for my sister
Visit from Hokuriku City today
You bring your seventh brother here to save people, Xianyi
I don’t want to destroy my Eastern Continent’s other-me style.
Wasted in the court
I'm not the post-Chinese from Prince Li's Palace.
Why don't you fuck Prince Li quickly?
Your Majesty, Li Wangmingzhi had an accident in Bailu today.
Returned Yang Shuai's white book, Ji Xin's national crime
King Li holds one hundred thousand soldiers
Please also ask the emperor to take back the military power to prove that the great power can unite
So what if you were once the God of War?
Leave the rest of your legs behind
None of them can compare to the strength of a groom. I am a minister.
A good one can't compare to the strength of a groom
Someone, send King Li in and treat him as him
He also died
Don't dare touch him